----------------------------------------------------------------What is Angular?---------------------------------------------------------------

Angular:    JS framework which allows you to create reactive SINGLE-PAGE-APPLICATIONS (SPAs)

Why Angular?
      Uses only 1 html page that renders everything in the browser.
      This makes the web app faster and more responsive.
      JS is much faster than having to reach out to a server for every page change for every new piece of data you want to display.
      Angular creates SPA that is very reactive and very fast.
      The JS is running in the browser and not on the server, so it is much faster.

----------------------------------------------------------------Angular Versioning---------------------------------------------------------------

Started with Angular 1 (Angular JS)
- Was found that Angular 1 is not future proof, so they re-wrote it
- This made Angular 2

Angular 2 is completely different, so angular 1 is irrelevant.

Angular 3 was skipped, but Angular 4... 10... and so on.
- All versions are the same frameworks, but with new features and bug fixes.
- Has not changed too much since Angular 2 in regards to the code we write.
- Often referred to as just Angular.

----------------------------------------------------------------Installing the CLI---------------------------------------------------------------

Angular Command Line Interfrace (CLI)
 - Use the official Angular CLI as Angular is a bit complex.
 - Like other projects I have worked on, Angular will use node.js and npm to help organize and optimize the project.

From the terminal:
1.  cd to the correct file
2.  npm install -g @angular/cli
3.  ng new [file name] --no-strict
4.  For now, choose no for angular routing.
5.  Use CSS for the default styling.  
6.  ng serve to run a local server to see your project.
7.  Go to http://localhost:4200/ to see your project.

----------------------------------------------------------------Installing Bootstrap---------------------------------------------------------------

From the terminal:
1.  Navigate to the project file
2.  Ctrl+c to stop the server
3.  npm install --save bootstrap@[#] <-- The version of bootstrap you want to use.
4.  Go to angular.json
5.  BEFORE the style.css, add the following: "node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css",

----------------------------------------------------------------Understanding Angular---------------------------------------------------------------

- Most files in the project folder do not need to be touched.

- Go into the src folder, and open the app folder to begin editing the app.

- Angular is not a tool that allows us to write static html files, but instead allows us to mix static html code and dynamic code that is generated by the framework.

- App folder will contain css, html, and typescript files.

- Upon inspecting the html in the browser, we can see that the html is not the same as the app.component.html. We do see a large amount of script that is editing our window. This is the angular framework code.

- We also see a <app-root> tag in the html. This tag is defined in the @Component section of the app.component.ts file, under the selector property. This creates our own html tag.

- The page that we are viewing is the index.html file that can be found in the src folder. Here, we see the <app-root> as well. The script imports are missing because they are injected dynamically by the angular framework.

- What Angular does is upon loading the html page, we have thesee dynmaically-injected script imports that will dynamically replace <app-root> with our own component.

- You can have more than one component per page, but you can only have one root component.

- In order to edit what our application does, we edit the app.component.html file, and the app.component.ts file.